Proposal access time (#606)
decred/politeia: politeiawww/api/v1/api.md

| | Type | Description |
| - | - | - |
| Comments | Comment | Unsorted array of all comments |

> | AccessTime | int64 | User's UNIX last access time. If user not logged in, returns 0. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AccessTime | int64 | UNIX timestamp of last access time. Omitted if no session cookie is present. |
```
